What do you mean?
When you found out Joanna got a job here,
you must have known it was to get to you and me.
And now that you have a reason to kick Joanna out of Wesley Group,
you can take over the Howard Village project.
Very impressive, Mr. Wesley.
My mother planted her in the company.
I guess I just needed a reason to fire her.
That's a bit devious, Mr. Wesley, don't you think?
I didn't know you were being bullied at work.
Why didn't you tell me?
It's whatever, I don't care.
Well, I do.
Is that why you made it public and announced to everyone on your wife?
It's about time everybody knows.
Joanna told me everything about the woman you married
is from a shady past and her morals are even worse.
You have to divorce her immediately.
Don't be so hasty, mother.
You're about to see quite a show.
Madam, the Howard's are here.